README.md, before:

# Curastem
<img width="256" height="256" alt="Curastem org" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/48317dcc-0b09-41b7-9b3a-41d4ec6ddcf1" />



**The future of mentorship lives here.**

web.tsx is the heart of [Curastem](https://curastem.org) — a single, powerful Framer component that brings real-time mentorship to the web. Think of it as Omegle for mentorship: students connect with mentors over video, or chat with AI for instant help with resumes, scholarships, college apps, internships, and everything in between.

This isn't just a chatbot. It's a full mentorship experience: video calls, AI-powered assistance, collaborative whiteboards, document editing, and a mini IDE — all packed into one open-source component that anyone can drop into their site.

---

## Why This Matters

Millions of students struggle to find guidance. They don't know where to start with FAFSA, how to write a resume, or how to prepare for college applications. Mentorship has always been gatekept. **Curastem changes that.**

By making this component open source, we're inviting the world to help us scale what works. Every improvement, every fix, every new feature makes mentorship more accessible. That's the mission.

---

## What's Inside

- **Real-time video mentorship** — Connect students with mentors instantly
- **Gemini AI integration** — Smart, contextual help 24/7
- **Voice-in, voice-out** — Talk to AI naturally with Gemini Live
- **Collaborative tools** — Whiteboard (Tldraw), document editor, mini IDE
- **Shareable sessions** — Unique links (`#aeb-cid-xyz`) for easy sharing
- **Mobile-first** — Built for the devices students actually use

---

## Join the Community

This project thrives on contributors. Whether you're fixing a bug, improving accessibility, adding a feature, or just telling someone about it — you're part of something bigger.

- **Found a bug?** Open an issue.
- **Have an idea?** Start a discussion.
- **Want to contribute?** Check open issues, read the code, and open a PR.
- **Using it in your project?** We'd love to hear about it.

Curastem is a 501(c)(3) non-profit. Everything we build is for the students who need it most.

---

## Get Started

### 1. Get a Gemini API key

Visit [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/apikey) and create an API key.

### 2. Add to your Framer project

Copy `web.tsx` into your Framer project's components directory.

### 3. Configure and ship

Use Framer's property panel to set your API key, system prompt, accent color, and default suggestions. Drop the component onto your page and publish.

---

## License

[AGPL-3.0](LICENSE) — Free to use, modify, and distribute. If you modify it and run it on a server, you must share your source. That's how we keep mentorship open for everyone.

---

**Built with care by [Curastem](https://curastem.org). For every student who deserves a mentor.**

Commit message:

Update README to reflect project name change and enhance introductory content
- Changed project title to "Curastem — Omegle for mentorship".
- Added a call to action for joining stargazers and included a GitHub stars badge for visibility.

README.md, after:

# 🩵 Curastem — Omegle for mentorship
<img width="256" height="256" alt="Curastem org" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/48317dcc-0b09-41b7-9b3a-41d4ec6ddcf1" />



**The future of mentorship lives here.**

web.tsx is the heart of [Curastem](https://curastem.org) — a single, powerful Framer component that brings real-time mentorship to the web. Think of it as Omegle for mentorship: students connect with mentors over video, or chat with AI for instant help with resumes, scholarships, college apps, internships, and everything in between.

This isn't just a chatbot. It's a full mentorship experience: video calls, AI-powered assistance, collaborative whiteboards, document editing, and a mini IDE — all packed into one open-source component that anyone can drop into their site.

*Pssst. Hey, you, join our stargazers ⭐️*

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/loganngarcia/curastem?style=social)](https://github.com/loganngarcia/curastem)

---

## Why This Matters

Millions of students struggle to find guidance. They don't know where to start with FAFSA, how to write a resume, or how to prepare for college applications. Mentorship has always been gatekept. **Curastem changes that.**

By making this component open source, we're inviting the world to help us scale what works. Every improvement, every fix, every new feature makes mentorship more accessible. That's the mission.

---

## What's Inside

- **Real-time video mentorship** — Connect students with mentors instantly
- **Gemini AI integration** — Smart, contextual help 24/7
- **Voice-in, voice-out** — Talk to AI naturally with Gemini Live
- **Collaborative tools** — Whiteboard (Tldraw), document editor, mini IDE
- **Shareable sessions** — Unique links (`#aeb-cid-xyz`) for easy sharing
- **Mobile-first** — Built for the devices students actually use

---

## Join the Community

This project thrives on contributors. Whether you're fixing a bug, improving accessibility, adding a feature, or just telling someone about it — you're part of something bigger.

- **Found a bug?** Open an issue.
- **Have an idea?** Start a discussion.
- **Want to contribute?** Check open issues, read the code, and open a PR.
- **Using it in your project?** We'd love to hear about it.

Curastem is a 501(c)(3) non-profit. Everything we build is for the students who need it most.

---

## Get Started

### 1. Get a Gemini API key

Visit [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/apikey) and create an API key.

### 2. Add to your Framer project

Copy `web.tsx` into your Framer project's components directory.

### 3. Configure and ship

Use Framer's property panel to set your API key, system prompt, accent color, and default suggestions. Drop the component onto your page and publish.

---

## License

[AGPL-3.0](LICENSE) — Free to use, modify, and distribute. If you modify it and run it on a server, you must share your source. That's how we keep mentorship open for everyone.

---

**Built with care by [Curastem](https://curastem.org). For every student who deserves a mentor.**
